Add File IO instrumentation docs (#5895)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dart/configuration/integrations/file.mdx

---
title: File I/O
sidebar_order: 5
description: "Learn more about the Sentry file I/O integration for the Dart SDK."
---

<Note>

This feature is currently in Beta. Beta features are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony.

> </Note>

Author: TIL :)

> The `sentry_file` library provides [File](https://api.dart.dev/stable/2.18.5/dart-io/File-class.html) support for Sentry wrapping the `File` class with a `SentryFile` wrapper. It is able to run performance monitoring for `File` operations.

Reviewer: This first sentence is a bit awkward. Suggest:
```suggestion
The `sentry_file` library provides [File](https://api.dart.dev/stable/2.18.5/dart-io/File-class.html) support which allows Sentry to wrap the `File` class with a `SentryFile` wrapper. It is able to run performance monitoring for `File` operations.
```

Also, what is "it" in the second sentence? The library? The SDK?

Author: Yes, the `sentry_file` library that contains the wrapper

Author: Changed it to:

> The `SentryFile` is able to run performance monitoring for `File` operations.
